Presentation: Archangel protocol

State of the art

Frame1:
The original V2X communication is based on the IEEE 802.11p standard which is part of the IEEE's
WAVE, Wireless Access for Vehicular Environments program. It uses WiFi technology in order to send
and receive messages such as collision warnings or speed limit alerts within a relatively short distance.

The introduction of fourth generation mobile networks has made it possible to transfer latency-tolerant
data like longer-range road hazards or information about traffic conditions. But it wasn't
fast enough for active safety messages such as immediate warnings or any other short-range V2V
or V2P situations. This direct method aligns closely with the original V2X standard mentioned before.

Apart from this, the system we design may experience such an intense data pressures that LTE technology
cannot handle. This is where 5G comes into our scope of view. It can provide extremely high bandwidth and low latency.
Therefore with 5G, short-range, indirect communication becomes available. (and) Last but not least,
don't forget about the beamforming technology, which will also be very useful in some special situations.

Frame2:
As we can see in a research published by MDPI Open Access Journals in February 2020, there have been attempts to
predict pedestrians’ moving path with neural networks, based on pedestrian positioning information recorded and sent 
by smartphone devices. The most accurate former attempt produced an accuracy score of 97% with avarage latency
of 783ms. During this time, in case of an emergency situation we lose valuable meters, which may cost human lives
in case of an accident. 

Archangel protocol intro

Frame3:
Our proposal is to define a new, extremely reliable Pedestrian to Vehicle (P2V) communication protocol,
called Archangel protocol, the advantages of which can be used to provide an extra layer of protection for 
pedestrians in the vicinity of self-driving cars.
Important to highlight the main prerequisites of our system: The devices involved in traffic situations must be 5G capable
devices that support the Archangel protocol. Because of in our solution we are taking all the advantages of
the 5G cellular networks. As a result of this, we can overcome the restrictions on direct forms of communication between cars.
For example, the case of a street corner with thick, signal-blocking walls.