WP1, Project Management
Project planning
Description:
Involves the setting of goals and then determining the best way to achieve them.
Detailed review of the requirements and the financial capabilities.

Resource organizing
Description:
Means allocating resources: people, equipment, and money to carry out the project's plans.
Consulting between participants and determining where each subtask should be done.

Workload directing
Description:
Is the process of providing focus for participants in the project and motivating them to achieve goals.
Making sure that everybody do the allocated work and providing information how to move on within the project.

Process controlling
Description:
Involves comparing actual to expected performance and taking corrective action when necessary.
Dynamically adjusting the tasks to be sure that everything is under construction.
Prioritizing important problems and fixing them.

Verification
Description:
Verifying the project's goals that everything succeeded the way it was ment to be.
Summary of the results, final evaluation.

WP2, New Methods for V2X Communication

    ELTE - protocol -> package structure
    AUDI - car communcation devices
    Telekom - 5G towers
    gogo network - computational units
    lead beneficiary: ELTE
    
    Total pms:

    Activity type:  RTD
    Start month:
    End month:

    Description of work:
As more and more self-driving cars are made, new methods for their communication is required.
It needs to be fast and reliable so 4G networks will not suffice anymore. 5G networks with beamforming technology and a higher bandwidth are required for their communication.

    T2.1: Archangel Protocol and package structure
The Archangel Protocol is a new protocol made for Pedestrian to Vehicle communication. 
It makes sure that the packages that are more important (higher chance of accident) are sent as soon as possible.
The package that is sent can be divided into four parts:
	• The identifier code (UUID)
	• Serial number (priority)
	• Data type (code or compressed data)
	• Actual data
The actual data can be sent via codes or the raw data compressed (the algorithm will decide which method is optimal for the current situation). It contains the pedestrian's (in possible danger) position, direction, velocity, etc. This data is sent to the computational units.

    T2.2: Communcation devices for the vehicles
For the new methods for V2X communication to work it is mandatory to have devices on the vehicles to send and receive the data. These communication devices must have enough hardware to serve these tasks with huge amount of data while being efficient at power usage.

    T2.3: 5G towers
5G works differently than 4G, it is on a higher frequency to increase the amount of data sent. But it comes with a cost, the waves are lost for example if a thick wall is in the way. So it is necessary to have more 5G towers with overlapped areas so they are reachable from everywhere.

    T2.4: Computational units
The data that the cars and pedestrians are sending has to be calculated to be aware of potential dangers. Near the 5G towers computational units are required to handle these calculations. Then these units must inform the cars if there is a possibility of an accident nearby.

-------------------------------

WP3, Increase Pedestrian Safety

    ELTE - scoring system
    UH - movement predictions, human behavior
    TUM - Application development for mobile devices
    lead beneficiary: ELTE

    Total pms:

    Activity type:  RTD
    Start month:
    End month:

    Description of work:
        The goal of this work package is to develop certain parts of the new Archangel protocol that make pedestrian life among self-driving cars safer. The lead beneficiary of this WP is ELTE.

    T3.1: Movement predictions and human behavior:
        The Archangel protocol is partly based on devices that support it. In the case of smartphones, motion data can be collected from the user. With enough data, a behavioral pattern is described. The first object of UH is to create a method that can define these behavioral patterns from the data collected.
        After that, from the generalised movement of people and the personal behavioral patterns, the beneficiary's task is to create possible routes and movements. The result of the movement prediction will be the one (or more routes) with the highest probabilities.

    T3.2: Scoring system
        The lead beneficiary, ELTE has to work out a scoring method. It is used to calculate a score for every self-driving car-pedestrian pair that the computational unit receives. These units send out messages to the self-driving cars about pedestrians. The scoring system's goal is the create a ranking between these messages. The higher its priority, the higher score a message needs to receive. The priority is based on the situation between the car and the pedestrian, so data will be sent out about those pedestrians first who have the highest risk of having an accident with the car.
        The scores need to be calculated based on the car's and pedestrian's movements and positions and also on the pedestrian's movements' predictions.

    T3.3: Application development for mobile devices
        The task of TUM is to create an application for the Archangel protocol's pedestrian use. Those pedestrians that want to be protected by the Archangel protocol have to download this application for their smartphones.
        The app's job is to gather and send data through 5G towers to the appropriate computational unit. This data includes the current motions and position of the pedestrian and the results of the movement predictions. This is all the data, that the computational units need from the pedestrian for the score calculation.


-------------------------------

WP4, Gathering and Evaluating Data in Extreme Conditions
TUM - CU loadness balancing algorithm
UNTIN - crowded areas
AUDI - prepare car for extreme weather Conditions
lead beneficiary: UNTIN

WP5, System Security
TUM - Prevent cyber attacks, security features
TUM - AI development for live safety
UNTIN - package loss, system recovery, system hardness
lead beneficiary: TUM


WP6, level 5 autonomous cars
    
    ELTE - Verification
    AUDI - Sensors and preparations
    DT - Lower level logical infrastructure
    Gogo network - Higher lever logical infrastructure
    Lead beneficiary: AUDI

    Total pms:

    Activity type:  
    Start month:
    End month:

    Description of work:
Level 5 refers to Full Driving Automation, the highest level of Vehicle Autonomy. 
It means the vehicle is fully in control, a wheel is not needed anymore. 
It can drive itself in all conditions without any human interaction.
Human interaction is setting the destination only.

    T6.1: Verification
As pleasant as it sounds to have level 5 autonomous cars on the roads, these vehicles need to undergo various test phases to ensure the safety of others. 
These test phases are for example scenarios in case of a system failure, after what the car must light up the warning lights and pull over safely.
Another test phase should contain various objects on the road, some stationary, some moving and analyze what the car does in these cases.
And there should be numerous other tests before releasing the cars on the roads.

    T6.2: Sensors and preparations
For achieving level 5 autonomy with these self-driving cars it is mandatory to have high level sensors to process the surroundings fast. These sensors must calculate the possible accidents with other cars, pedestrians, creatures, objects, potholes etc. and take countermeasures accordingly while driving fast for convenience (If these cars would travel at the speed of 20 km/h for safety, nobody would use them). 
The cars also have to be equipped with self-watching sensors so in case of system failure it must stop the vehicle immediately but also cautiously.

    T6.3: Lower level logical infrastructure
The core of analyzing the sensors' data is in the methods of image- and pattern recognition. These methods calculate the possibility of an accident from the location, direction and velocity of the object (pedestrian, animal, vehicle, etc.) it encountered. These calculations must be fast because the safety of others is the number one priority on the roads (while also protecting the passengers of the vehicle itself).
In case of an unexpected scenario, the car must take countermeasures (stop, bypass, etc.) and choose the best one of the possibilities.

    T6.4: Higher lever logical infrastructure
In the future when only self-driving cars will be on the roads, traffic lights could become unnecessary and slow. The cars could communicate with each other to slow down a bit to let a few cars pass by. This would decrease the time required to get from point A to point B. Also in case of road works these cars could easily resolve the problem without any traffic jam with changing lanes in time. This would increase the time but only a bit, and it's still a lot better than what a traffic jam would cause.
When an ambulance or police car is near (while their lights and sirens are on) the cars would make place for them in time, that could help them reach their destination much faster, resolving the problem earlier.
